doc(release): prepare release notes for collect 23.10.8 (#3373)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 23.10.8

Release date: `June 17, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Engine] Added a new centengine parameter (`send_recovery_notifications_anyways`) to force sending a recovery notification even when the resource is outside of its notification period. This aims at keeping third-party tools up-to-date at any time when they are fed notifications.
- [Engine] Engine can now handle extra configuration files to complement/overload the centengine.cfg file. This enhancement allows you to keep a custom configuration unchanged when exporting the configuration.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - 	[Engine] Fixed an issue regarding gRPC accepted services deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Engine] Fixed an issue with GRPC communications where coredumps could occur when Broker or Engine were stopped.
```
